I, Judson Lester, hereby agree to the following:

For the purposes of this license, "Contribution" shall mean any original work
of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work,
that is intentionally submitted by me to Logical Reality Design for inclusion
in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by Logical
Reality Design (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Logical
Reality Design or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Logical Reality
Design for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing
by me as "Not a Contribution."

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, I hereby grant to
Logical Reality Design and to recipients of software distributed by Logical
Reality Design a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute my
Contributions and such derivative works.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, I hereby grant to
Logical Reality Design and to recipients of software distributed by Logical
Reality Design a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have
made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by me that are
necessarily infringed by my Contribution(s) alone or by combination of my
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If
any entity institutes patent litigation against me or any other entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that my
Contribution, or the Work to which I have contributed, constitutes direct or
contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that
entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as
of the date such litigation is filed.

I represent that I am legally entitled to grant the above license. If my
employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that I create that includes my
Contributions, I represent that I have received permission to make
Contributions on behalf of that employer, that my employer has waived such
rights for my Contributions to Logical Reality Design.

I represent that each of my Contributions is my original creation. I represent
that my Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party
license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents
and trademarks) of which I am personally aware and which are associated with
any part of my Contributions.

I am not expected to provide support for my Contributions, except to the
extent I desire to provide support. I may provide support for free, for a fee,
or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, I
provide my Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

I agree to notify Logical Reality Design of any facts or circumstances of
which I become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any
respect.
